Organize sidebars.js (#531)
multiversx/mx-docs: docs/sdk-and-tools/proxy.md

---
id: proxy
title: Proxy architecture
---

Overview of the MultiversX Proxy

## **Introduction**

> Proxy is a go project that abstracts the sharding logic. It is the project backing *gateway.elrond.com*

Reviewer: maybe:
```suggestion
Proxy is a project written in go that abstracts the sharding logic. It servers as foundation for *gateway.elrond.com*
```

> Proxy is a project written in go that abstracts the sharding logic. It serves as foundation for *gateway.elrond.com*

Reviewer 2: gateway.multiversx.com

Author: done
